This is the target directory, where the source packages are placed. It
is also the directory where the test code is run for each of the
packages and where the source RPMs are automatically built. There
should be no reason for the user to add files to this directory

There are several top-level make targets that will affect the contents
of this directory. These are

"make all" - This will cause all of the octave-forge sub-directories
to be traversed and the source packages for these built and place in
this directory. These are compared to the uploaded versions and the
MD5sums of the packages are calculated. These are placed in sub-
directories corresponding to the sub-directory name where the CVS 
controlled code is found. That is main/, extra/ or nonfree/.

"make check" - This will build all of the packages individually in an
environment protected from other installed octave packages and test
each package individually. This allows checking of the packages
dependencies on other octave packages to also be debugged. Note that
this means that the packages are compiled prior to the checks being
run and so this target is likely to take some time

"make icheck" - This is similar to the above target but allows the
interactive demo code in the packages to be shown. It will equally
take a long time due to the packages being rebuilt

"make install" - This is a deprecated target that allows all of the
packages in this directory to be installed. Control of which packages
to install in determined by the NOINSTALL files in the main package
source repositories.

"make srpms" - This target allows the automatic creation of the SRPM
files for each of the packages. These will appear under the RPM
sub-directory. This target should be run on the distribution where it
will be used, as some of the automatic dependency checking code is
defined at the time this target is run.

"make debs" - FIXME this target does not yet exist.

Please note that we supply the automatically generated RPMs and DEBs
as a service to the distribution packages. Due to name conflicts of
packages between distributions we consider these automatically
generated packages to be a starting point for the final packager to
work from rather than a final version.
